[docs] Add docs for migrating from expo webpack to expo router (#24913)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/migrate/from-expo-webpack.mdx

Expo Webpack didn't have built-in service worker support. However, you could add it yourself by using the `workbox-webpack-plugin` and adding it to the **webpack.config.js**.

Workbox doesn't have a Metro integration, but because Workbox doesn't require one of the core features of a bundler (transformation, resolution, serialization), it can easily be used as a post-build step. Follow the guide for [using Workbox CLI](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/workbox/modules/workbox-cli/), and wherever it refers to a "build script" use `npx expo export -p web` instead.

For example, here's a possible flow for setting up Workbox. Create a new project with the following command:

> <Terminal cmd={

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal cmd={[
```

This was missing from the changes I suggested earlier and will help fix the CI issue.

Expo Webpack didn't have built-in service worker support, but you could add it yourself by using the `workbox-webpack-plugin` and adding it to the `webpack.config.js`.

Workbox doesn't have a Metro integration, but because Workbox doesn't require one of the core features of a bundler (transformation, resolution, serialization), it can easily be used as a post-build step.

Simply follow the [guide for using Workbox CLI](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/workbox/modules/workbox-cli/), and wherever it refers to a "build script" use `npx expo export -p web`.

> For example, here's a possible flow for setting up Workbox:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, here's a possible flow for setting up Workbox. Create a new project with the following command:
```

- `bun create expo -t tabs my-app`
- `cd my-app`

Next, create a root HTML file for the app and add the service worker registration script:

> ```js app/+html.tsx

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```tsx app/+html.tsx
````

      </head>
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}

const sw = `
if ('serviceWorker' in navigator) {
    window.addEventListener('load', () => {
        navigator.serviceWorker.register('/sw.js').then(registration => {
            console.log('Service Worker registered with scope:', registration.scope);
        }).catch(error => {
            console.error('Service Worker registration failed:', error);
        });
    });
}
`;
```

Now build the app before running the wizard:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo export -p web']} />

Run the wizard command, selecting `dist` as the root of the app, and the defaults for everything else...

<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '$ npx workbox-cli wizard',
    '',
    '$ ? What is the root of your web app (i.e. which directory do you deploy)? dist/',
    '$ ? Which file types would you like to precache? js, html, ttf, ico, json',
    '$ ? Where would you like your service worker file to be saved? dist/sw.js',
    '$ ? Where would you like to save these configuration options? workbox-config.js',
    "$ ? Does your web app manifest include search parameter(s) in the 'start_url', other than 'utm_' or 'fbclid' (like '?source=pwa')? No",
  ]}
/>

> Finally, run `workbox generateSW workbox-config.js` to generate the service worker config.
> 
> Going forward, you can add a build script to run both scripts in the correct order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, run `workbox generateSW workbox-config.js` to generate the service worker config. Going forward, you can add a build script in **package.json** to run both scripts in the correct order:
```

```json package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    "build:web": "expo export -p web && workbox generateSW workbox-config.js"
  }
}
```

## PWA manifests

> Unlike `@expo/webpack-config`, Expo Router does not automatically attempt to generate the PWA manifest configuration. You can create one in your `public/manifest.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike `@expo/webpack-config`, Expo Router does not automatically attempt to generate the PWA manifest configuration. You can create one in **public/manifest.json**:
```

```json
{
  "short_name": "Expo App",
  "name": "Expo Router Sample",
  "icons": [
    {
      "src": "favicon.ico",
      "sizes": "64x64 32x32 24x24 16x16",
      "type": "image/x-icon"
    },
    {
      "src": "logo192.png",
      "type": "image/png",
      "sizes": "192x192"
    },
    {
      "src": "logo512.png",
      "type": "image/png",
      "sizes": "512x512"
    }
  ],
  "start_url": ".",
  "display": "standalone",
  "theme_color": "#000000",
  "background_color": "#ffffff"
}
```

You can link this in your HTML file using the `link` tag:

> ```js app/+html.tsx

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```tsx app/+html.tsx
````

    <html lang="en">
      <head>
        <meta charSet="utf-8" />
        <meta httpEquiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />

        {/* Link the PWA manifest file. */}
        <link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.json" />

        {/*
          This viewport disables scaling which makes the mobile website act more like a native app.
          However this does reduce built-in accessibility. If you want to enable scaling, use this instead:
            <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, viewport-fit=cover" />
        */}
        <meta
          name="viewport"
          content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1,minimum-scale=1,maximum-scale=1.00001,viewport-fit=cover"
        />
        {/*
          Disable body scrolling on web. This makes ScrollView components work closer to how they do on native.
          However, body scrolling is often nice to have for mobile web. If you want to enable it, remove this line.
        */}
        <ScrollViewStyleReset />

        {/* Add any additional <head> elements that you want globally available on web... */}
      </head>
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

## Bundler plugins

> If you were using custom bundler plugins, refer to the [Expo Metro config](/versions/latest/config/metro) to learn more about adding custom functionality to your bundler pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using custom bundler plugins, see [Expo Metro config](/versions/latest/config/metro) for adding custom functionality to your bundler pipeline.
```

## Navigation

> If you used React Navigation for navigating between screens in `@expo/webpack-config`, then refer to the migration guide for [React Navigation](/router/migrate/from-react-navigation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you used React Navigation for navigating between screens in `@expo/webpack-config`, see the [migration guide for React Navigation](/router/migrate/from-react-navigation).
```

## Deployment

> Visit the [publishing websites documentation](/distribution/publishing-websites) and select "Expo Router" to learn how to deploy Expo Router websites to various hosting providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [publishing websites](/distribution/publishing-websites) and select "Expo Router" on how to deploy Expo Router websites to various hosting providers.
```
